---
title: Hooray!!!!
author: Sarah
type: post
date: 2004-10-02T14:55:00+00:00
url: /hooray/
lj_itemid:
  - 610
lj_permalink:
  - '#/156354.html'
lj_current_mood:
  - happy
lj_picture_keyword:
  - superfroo
post_views_count:
  - 737
categories:
  - LiveJournal
  - "The 'Zealand"

---
It&#8217;s a beautiful day out there today!

I&#8217;m getting the hang of my new job, so it&#8217;s not stressful any more. I went shopping last night and bought lots of tops, so layers are go. I also went out on the Vodka and Coke, and had a rediculously great night. A load of kids from my hostel had gone to the bar next door, and I went in to meet them, bought myself a drink and found out that they&#8217;d left. Found a girl from work in the bar and ended up staying for four drinks!

Then I headed up to globe bar and found the guys, got three free drinks, got hit on by my mate and had to tell him to stop (he was the one buying me all the drinks) found another girl from work, and ended up getting into an ice cube battle with some irish guys. Then all the guys from the hostel left without me again, and I went to Voodoo Lounge and found Legoboy and Spoon and had some more fun and some more drinks. Some guy also fell on my leg, which really hurt. I was talking to Legoboy and Spoon at the time, and they both ran over to the guy and made him come back and apologise to me. Which was kind of sweet. Not exactly necessary though. even though my leg still hurts.

I got rejected by Spoon AND Gary, which was furious-making, but served me right for rejecting poor Ross, who is nice and cute and scottish but I just didn&#8217;t want to.

And then I had a burger from the White Lady, which is the yummiest burger van in Auckland, went home, and slept.

I only have work from 4:30 to 8:30 today, so I should have killed my hangover more or less, and I&#8217;ve already been shopping! I found a skirt in the Recycle Boutique which was EXACTLY the kind of one I&#8217;ve been looking for for the past week (well, thinking about) and it only cost $9. Which is 4.50 in Euros and 3 in pounds sterling. YAY!

THen we went up to Aotea Square to the market they always have there on Saturdays and found a HUGE graffiti demonstration, live hip-hop, breakdancing, and sunny sunny weather. SO nice. My tummy decided that I should come home though, but I had SUCH a nice few hours that it will keep me going for the next few days, which are horrible. Although I don&#8217;t have to be at job number two until 8, instead of 7, for the next few weeks so I might take a bit of a nap when I come home from job number one. 🙂

I&#8217;m HAPPY!