---
title: Visting Ros na Rún and other adventures
author: Sarah
type: post
date: 2006-01-27T17:24:00+00:00
url: /895/
lj_itemid:
  - 973
lj_permalink:
  - '#/249174.html'
lj_picture_keyword:
  - industry
post_views_count:
  - 804
categories:
  - LiveJournal
tags:
  - funtimes
  - meeja
  - skool

---
Yesterday was not a day in which I had much of an urge to talk to anyone or to do anything. I spent it in my pyjamas, in fact, reading Gilmore Girls recaps on TWoP (www.televisionwithoutpity.com). So productive. Almost managed to put my outdoor clothes on and go to the pub with Gar and the Duck later on in the evening, but no, it was cold, so I went to bed. Apologies to those of you who didn&#8217;t get replies to things, but any sociability I exhibited yesterday was the exception rather than the rule.

Today we were out in Spiddal, getting a tour of Ros na Rún (irish-language soap, the best soap currently being made in ireland by a country mile). Soaps are crazily organised, finely-tuned production machines. It was interesting to see how it all worked, and almost shocking how YOUNG everyone was. The only people who appeared to be over 35 were the actors! Most of the crew were younger than me, by all appearances. Friendly, too, which I wasn&#8217;t expecting. From the horror stories of trying to get into TV in Dublin, I&#8217;m definitely staying this side of the country. The parties are LEGENDARY. Also, if I stick in my CV, I&#8217;ll definitely get an interview with them, which is always nice. I didn&#8217;t get to be an extra, áfach, which is going to disappoint my grandmother no end.

Also, I&#8217;ve forgotten to mention that last weekend I saw The Redneck Manifesto and Breakfast on Pluto, both of which were very good things. Gar is awesome.