---
title: what-ifs?
author: Sarah
type: post
date: 2008-01-18T03:30:00+00:00
url: /what-ifs/
lj_itemid:
  - 1068
lj_permalink:
  - '#/273417.html'
lj_picture_keyword:
  - Audrey
post_views_count:
  - 901
categories:
  - Updates
tags:
  - heart
  - moi?
  - movies
  - what-ifs

---
I had never seen Before Sunrise before tonight. Judge me all you like, but it&#8217;s the truth. Last weekend I was in Dublin for a gig and to visit some friends, one of whom hid it on another friend&#8217;s bookshelf and then texted me once he&#8217;d left to give me a clue that it was there. He probably didn&#8217;t want to get caught trafficing sappy films or something. He&#8217;d mentioned it to me recently, and said that it seemed like the kind of film I&#8217;d enjoy.

And from the first scenes of neatly ordered european scenery flashing past a train, it caught me right up in itself.

It&#8217;s probably because I&#8217;m a sucker for what-ifs. Those almost connections that don&#8217;t quite latch on completely, the ones that taste of what might be, and turn into what might have been after no time at all. I&#8217;ve met a few of those, while travelling. But circumstances, shyness, alcohol and whatever else could think to intrude, usually managed to disrupt the connection, with one or two notable exceptiions.

It&#8217;s been a while now though. I&#8217;m not sure I can connect to a stranger anymore unless there&#8217;s a computer screen involved. In one of the scenes, Julie Delpy&#8217;s character talks about being in idyllic situations but knowing you&#8217;re with the wrong person. I&#8217;ve been letting that happen to me of late. But is it better to experience the situation anyway, knowing the person you&#8217;re with isn&#8217;t quite the right one? Or should you let the moment slip past because it won&#8217;t have the just-right feeling it deserves?