---
title: On Eavesdropping
author: Sarah
type: post
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=1801
featured_image: /wp-content/uploads/2014/10/Henri_Adolphe_Laissement_Kardinäle_im_Vorzimmer_1895-624x475.jpg
twitterCardType:
  - summary_large_image
cardImageWidth:
  - 280
cardImageHeight:
  - 150
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
<div id="fb-root">
</div>

Last week, I had a couple of hours to kill in the city centre and decided to treat myself to a cuppa in a fancy hotel, where I could work away without bothering anyone. And work I did &#8211; until I couldn&#8217;t help but become completely distracted by a conversation happening on the other side of the room.

A man in his mid-to-late fifties was deep in conversation with a woman in her twenties. He was dressed in formal business attire (sober suit, trench coat) and she was wearing frayed jeans and a string top. I had initally pegged them as father and daughter, but once their conversation became more intense, I realised this wasn&#8217;t the case.

As I continued listening, I varied in my appraisal from a boss and an employee, to a boss and a former employee, to a couple having a row, to a couple breaking up, to a sex worker being fired from a long-term arrangement, to two colleagues ending an affair, back to a couple analysing their break up, to a boss and a former employee. I&#8217;m still dying to know what the relationship is or was. The little bits I overheard were fascinating in their tone. The man was talking very quickly and quietly, leaning forward and pointing forcefully on occasion. The woman was louder, and occasionally gave loud laughs of disbelief at what the man was saying. There was almost definitely a sexual relationship involved, but the terms were obscured (possibly by the plant that was hiding my obvious listening face).

It wasn&#8217;t comfortable, but it was absolutely riveting. I couldn&#8217;t tear myself away.

I know that eavesdropping on strangers isn&#8217;t polite, but it&#8217;s hard not to burst with curiosity at times. During yesterday&#8217;s train journey for example, where two passengers &#8211; a senior business woman and her more junior associate &#8211; spent most of the journey detailing a nightmare colleague&#8217;s bullying attempts and adversarial attitude (or reading the crap out of her, as my Limerick friends would put it), or the sad story of the girl I overheard on the train once detailing her time in Mountjoy women&#8217;s prison.

I wanted to know the backstory and the company and all of the details. I wanted to offer advice and commiserate. I wanted to contradict and argue. I wanted to take the part of the underdog.

I figure eavesdropping on public transport is fair game

<div class='sfsi_Sicons' style='width: 100%; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle; text-align:left'>
  <div style='margin:0px 8px 0px 0px; line-height: 24px'>
    <span>If you enjoyed what you've read, please give it a share:</span>
  </div>
  
  <div class='sfsi_socialwpr'>
    <div class='sf_fb' style='text-align:left;width:125px'>
      <div class="fb-like" href="http://niria.in/?p=1801" width="180" send="false" showfaces="false"  action="like" data-share="true"data-layout="button_count" >
      </div>
    </div>
    
    <div class='sf_twiter' style='text-align:left;float:left;width:auto'>
      <a href="http://twitter.com/share" class="sr-twitter-button twitter-share-button" lang="en" data-counturl="http://niria.in/?p=1801" data-url="http://niria.in/?p=1801" data-text="On Eavesdropping" ></a>
    </div>
    
    <div class='sf_pinit' style='text-align:left;float:left;line-height: 20px;width:100px'>
      <a href="https://www.pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=&media=&description=" data-pin-do="buttonPin" data-pin-save="true"data-pin-count="beside"></a>
    </div>
    
    <div class='sf_google' style='text-align:left;float:left;max-width:62px;min-width:35px;'>
      <div class="g-plusone" data-href="http://niria.in/?p=1801" data-size="large" >
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>