---
title: 'Adventures in Therapy: Part 4 – Counselling and Psychotherapy'
author: Sarah
type: post
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=1998
featured_image: /wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Adventures-in-e1467901004972.jpg
twitterCardType:
  - summary_large_image
categories:
  - Adventures in Therapy
  - Mental Health

---
<div id="fb-root">
</div>

This is part four of an ongoing series on the topic of the different treatments I&#8217;ve been on for Depression & Anxiety. I&#8217;m looking at the ol Talk Therapy side of things right now.

I&#8217;ve seen quite a few counsellors and psychotherapists in my time. It seems that of the more traditional therapeutic routes, it&#8217;s the most accessible in ways &#8211; people understand seeing a counsellor after a trauma like bereavement, miscarriage or the end of a relationship. In other ways, however, it&#8217;s relatively inaccessible &#8211; a regular session with a psychotherapist could set you back anything from €40 to €70 for a session, and the HSE don&#8217;t offer talk therapy as part of their public health services as far as I can see.

But anyway, how&#8217;s about I talk about my own experiences and then try to broaden that out to some general comments and maybe some tips. I&#8217;m going to refer to pretty much everyone as a counsellor and try to specify if someone was also a psychologist and/or a psychotherapist also.

The first counsellor I saw was someone I was referred to by my GP who did family counselling and general work and went with the CBT (Cognitive Behavioural Therapy) approach. I didn&#8217;t go back after my third session as I didn&#8217;t feel that I was making a connection, or rather, it felt like he was trying too hard to make friends with me, plus, to be honest, I wasn&#8217;t able for the homework that CBT can entail. I&#8217;m barely aware of what&#8217;s going on when I&#8217;m well, when I&#8217;m bad, it&#8217;s even more difficult.
  
It can take some time to find a counsellor that suits you. My biggest realisation with counselling is that the counsellor isn’t going to fix you, no matter how much talking you do. The thing that helps is applying the insights and knowledge you gain from counselling to whatever is going on in your life. Changing behaviour patterns and knowing how to disrupt negative thought processes can be key in maintaining good mental health.
  
It’s also great to get a “top up” &#8211; as a friend who had serious mental health issues when she was younger terms it &#8211; where you reconnect with the positive stuff you learned. I think building a relationship with a counsellor is important so it’s good to commit to at least a few sessions with someone you do find that you click well with.
  
If you’re feeling uncomfortable with someone then there’s absolutely no point in continuing as you’ll have a divil of a time breaking down walls

Oak field Counselling &#8211; I ended up seeing Sarah for a number of months when work stresses started impacting on my mental health. It was my first time really connecting with a mental health professional and I was just so thankful every session.
  
Northside Counselling &#8211; this is a very low cost short-term counselling service where you pay what you can per session &#8211; more of a donation than a charge. I’ve seen two different counsellors here, and actually ended up having quite a long-term relationship with them
  
Helen Boileau &#8211; I’m seeing Helen currently via the Laya Healthcare Employee Assistance programme &#8211; companies who are using this confidential programme. She’s a formidable lady, very energetic but with great warmth and empathy. She’s given me some great insights.

<div class='sfsi_Sicons' style='width: 100%; display: inline-block; vertical-align: middle; text-align:left'>
  <div style='margin:0px 8px 0px 0px; line-height: 24px'>
    <span>If you enjoyed what you've read, please give it a share:</span>
  </div>
  
  <div class='sfsi_socialwpr'>
    <div class='sf_fb' style='text-align:left;width:125px'>
      <div class="fb-like" href="http://niria.in/?p=1998" width="180" send="false" showfaces="false"  action="like" data-share="true"data-layout="button_count" >
      </div>
    </div>
    
    <div class='sf_twiter' style='text-align:left;float:left;width:auto'>
      <a href="http://twitter.com/share" class="sr-twitter-button twitter-share-button" lang="en" data-counturl="http://niria.in/?p=1998" data-url="http://niria.in/?p=1998" data-text="Adventures in Therapy: Part 4 &#8211; Counselling and Psychotherapy" ></a>
    </div>
    
    <div class='sf_pinit' style='text-align:left;float:left;line-height: 20px;width:100px'>
      <a href="https://www.pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=&media=&description=" data-pin-do="buttonPin" data-pin-save="true"data-pin-count="beside"></a>
    </div>
    
    <div class='sf_google' style='text-align:left;float:left;max-width:62px;min-width:35px;'>
      <div class="g-plusone" data-href="http://niria.in/?p=1998" data-size="large" >
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>